A2: You start the game here. Climb down the ladder, jump onto the rope (the line
on the right) and then onto the platform on the other side. Go down the ladder
there and jump over the Skull when it's moving toward you; move more to the
center of the room and jump over it from there because the Skull will move back
and forth roughly under the conveyor belt right above. Snag the Key and then
make
your way back up to the top again. Jump across the left hole and head into the
door there.

A1: There are four Laser Gates to deal with, two that you will have to pass
through and two more that are optional, if you want the Jewel. Avoid running
forward right away, and be careful with the double Laser Gate. Head to down the
ladder when you're on the other side.

B2: There's a Spider crawling along the ground so don't go right down the ladder
at first. Wait for it to pass to the right of the ladder, drop to the ground,
and
continue leftward.

B1: This will be your first encounter with Skulls, they're the bouncing variety;
walk under them and drop down the ladder into the next room.

C2: There are two Snakes in this room that might give you a bit of trouble since
they are so close together. Jump over the first one, back up if you can, and
get a
good run toward the second one to make it over.

C1: This room is a toughie, you might get killed here because of the vanishing
steps on either side of the room. First things first however, the Key on the
middle
platform. You won't be able to jump straight over there, instead aim for the
rope
below, climb up, and get the Key. Once you have collected it slide to the ground
via the rope, and wait on the right side of the room. When the steps reappear,
quickly jump up the first couple of them to the solid step. You can wait here
for
a second when the steps disappear again. When they reappear, VERY quickly
continue
jumping upwards until you reach the top - you will reach the top seemingly at
the
last second before they vanish again so you can't make a mistake. The one
possible
good thing is if you die here, you will reappear at the door to the room. =)

C1-C2-B1-B2: Follow the trail back to room B2, where the Spider is roaming back
and
forth, and head down the ladder. The only real trouble along this path is the
two
Snakes you encountered in C2, you start right beside the second one, so you
have to
make a quick short hop over it.

C3: Egad! The disappearing floor! And a Jewel too. Wait on the lower rungs of
the
ladder and make a break for the jewel when the floor reappears. Wait a bit until
the floor is visible again and run to the other side.

C4: Snakes, why did it have to be Snakes! Egh. Snakes. Take your time and jump
over
the first one and climb up the ladder. The Torch is in room B3, but if you don't
want it, continue past the ladder to room C5.

B3: Another toughie of a room, you could very well die here because of the
Skull or
the conveyor belt at the top. Make sure that you take it slow in this room. Use
the
Key on the right door and climb the ladder until you're level with the platform
with
the Skull. Jump onto the platform and wait for the Skull to approach you and
jump
over it. Climb the rope on the left and then jump to the conveyor belt and grab
the
Torch. Slowly make your way back down and climb down the ladder to the last
room you
were in.

C4-C5: Jump over the Snake on the right and head into the next room. There are
four
straight double Laser Gates here. Take your time and don't get frustrated if
you get
killed. Move through the Gates the moment they shut down and you should be
alright.

C6: A Spider makes an appearance in this room. Jump over it and go up the
ladder.

B5: Several more Laser Gates, Ugh. The Key is the only thing that you need in
this
room but you can head left into the room B4 to grab the Sword as well. You will
have to pass through another set of Laser Gates to get it though. Whatever you
choose
to do head back down the ladder once you grab the Key.

C6-C7: Avoid the Spider and mosey right into room C8. This Key room isn't
unlike the
one you were in previously - room C1 with the disappearing steps, except that
this
one is easier. Jump to the yellow rope, slide downwards until you are level
with the
Key...jump to it and grab ahold of the blue rope on the right. Get onto the
yellow
rope again and slide down to the ground. Head down the ladder below.

D8: A vanishing floor room, along with a Snake on the left edge, but you don't
have
to worry about it right away, unless you want to just get on with the level in
which
case you can just head left. Stay on the ladder and run right if you want some
Jewels
in room D9, otherwise run left over the Snake to continue to the end of the
level.

D8-D9: There are 3 Jewels in the corner of the room, grab them and head into the
previous room again.

D7: A Spider in the house, or room rather. Jump over it and climb the ladder to
more
familiar territory.

C6-C5-C4: You're in the Spider room you were in earlier, just before the key
room;
head left into the room with the four Laser Gates, and left again into the room
with
the two Snakes. Jump over the Snake and down the ladder.

D5: This room will be pitch black unless you got the Torch in room B3, and
here's
hoping that you did get it, in which case the rooms down here will be lit up
for you.
Don't get the Amulet on the left; walk right instead to get a couple of Jewels.

D6: You can grab a couple of Jewels while you navigate the disappearing floor.
Run
straight across but make sure to grab the Jewel hanging over the floor on your
way,
and then run back to the other side when the floor is visible again. Go into the
last room again.

D5: Snag the Amulet and quickly run to the left into the next room.

D4: Wait until the floor is visible and make a break for the other side but
depending
on where the Skull is rolling around, you can do several things: if you still
have
the Sword, you can just run right through the Skull; if you don't have it, you
might
have to wait until the Skull is rolling toward you at the edge of the floor so
that
you can run past it.

D3-D2: There are two locked doors here, and what do you know, you have two keys
that
you can use. Yay! Run across the floor in the next room and you'll be finished
level 1.

D1: The treasure room. Get all of the Jewels that you can before the next level
starts.
